# EntertainmentApp
In this program we add a show or series with all the prerequisites needed to keep a record of what we add! At the same time, we can rate this show but also change its data by choosing the appropriate option from the menu that is displayed to the user!
 That is my program contains 8 classes and an enum which are: main(JavaEntertainment), User, Series, Director, Actor, Evaluation, Show and Rating, while the enums are Genre.
The JavaEntertainmentApp class is the main class of your program and contains the main function, which initializes the lists of appearances and users, and the Scanner object for reading input from the user. I also created a User object with the elements "John Doe", "john@example.com" and "password".
The main function displays a menu of various options and prompts the user to enter their choice. Based on the user's selection, the corresponding function is called to perform the corresponding operation.
The functions I have implemented in the JavaEntertainmentApp class are:
addShow(): This function asks the user to enter details to add a show and adds it to the list of shows as in the end it creates a unique id for the show we have entered in our program.
showRenewal(): This function prompts the user to enter the id or title of a show to renew. If the show is found in the shows list, then it requests information about the show (eg, number of seasons, episodes per season, last year aired) and updates the details of the show. It also prompts the user to add actors if they want to add more than the first time they entered the show into the program. Finally, it displays the updated details.
searchAndEvaluateShow(User user): This function allows the user to search for shows by title or show year. Then, it enables the user to evaluate an appearance with the user signing in at that moment (to inform you that after adding the code that the user does, the program throws an error that I could not fix.…) . Stores the user's rating for the display.
searchByTitle(): This function prompts the user to enter a show title and returns the shows that match that title.
searchByYear(): This function asks the user to enter a viewing year and returns the views that have occurred in that year
displaySearchResults(List<Show> searchResults): This function displays the search results for the hits. For each occurrence in the searchResults list, it displays the ID, title, year, director, and average rating. If the show is a series (Class Series), it additionally shows the last year of show and the number of seasons.
viewUserRatings(User user): This function displays the user's ratings for views. If the user is logged in (not null), the ratings they have given for the rated impressions are displayed. For each rating, it displays the title of the show and the rating.
findShowById(int showId): This private function is used to find a show based on the identifier (ID). It approaches the shows list and checks the showId of each show. If a match is found, the corresponding display is returned. This private function is used to find an occurrence based on the identifier (ID). Accesses the shows list and checks the showId of each show. If a match is found, the corresponding display is returned. If no match is found, null is returned.
Then I have created the Series class which extends that is it has inheritance with the Show class. In this class we have defined some variables at the beginning as you will see, we have created a constructor and then getter and setter. Then in the class that we have inheritance as we said above in the Show class we have also defined useful variables here to be able to implement the requests of the speech, we have created here as in the previous constructor class but also getters and setters for the variables we defined . We have also defined methods such as:
setSeriesDetails(int seasons, int episodesPerSeason, int lastAiredYear): This method is used to set the details of a series. It takes as parameters the number of seasons, the number of episodes per season, and the year of the last airing. These values are assigned to the corresponding seasons, episodesPerSeason and lastAiredYear properties of the Show class.
addActor(String actor): This method is used to add an actor to the list of actors (actors) of the Show class. Takes the actor's name as a parameter and adds it to the list.
displayShowInfo(): This method displays information about the current show. Displays the show ID (showId), title, genre and director.
displayShowDetails(): This method displays detail
